"Love After Addiction"
(Episode 11)
For the variety show stuff
I've already taken care of it.
Don't worry, okay?
They'll agree to re-edit.
About the persona,
it'll also lean toward being authentic
and move toward a down-to-earth style.
By the way,
to prevent people from nitpicking,
I think
we can spend some money later
to hire some villagers.
Let them speak online.
Say nice things about you.
Spend money to ward off trouble, I guess.
Do we have to keep
deceiving people like this?
Deceiving?
Bro!
Look at your situation now!
People online are saying that
you used the villagers for show!
If we don't do it this way,
how can I help clean up your image?
What if they say again
that you bribed the villagers?
Never mind that.
Deal with the present
first, we'll see later.
There is no later.
What do you mean, Yoki?
Let's terminate the contract.
What?
Terminate the contract?
Yoki,
Do you think that integrity,
perseverance
can help you stand firm
in the entertainment industry?
Without Liang Hao,
would you have come this far?
What do you mean?
I really thank you so much.
From now on,
I want to walk my own path.
You,
walk your own path.
I'll let you walk your own path.
You'll be nothing!
Miss Fang.
What?
Big-shot agent Liang
finally made up your mind?
Yes, indeed.
That Yoki guy
doesn't know what's good for him.
I warned you a long time ago,
Yoki isn't
someone who takes orders obediently.
Then...
Then from now on,
Big-shot Agent Liang,
please take good care of me!
I'll prepare the contract.
Looking forward to working together!
As am I.
Dad.
Where have you been?
Just clearing my mind.
If you don't want...
I want to go back with you.
Dad.
I'm sorry.
Dad...
For the past few years, it was me
who didn't spend time with you.
I wasn't sensible enough.
I won't be stubborn anymore.
I'm sorry.
(Lanwan Village Offices)
Village chief.
Sorry about yesterday.
I didn't give an explanation
to everyone right away.
No need to explain.
You,
I know well enough.
Village chief,
this is the savings
I've accumulated over the years.
Although it's not much,
but I want to try my
best to make up for it.
It's all been resolved.
Yoki has already covered all the money.
Just sign here,
consider it as everyone borrowing from you.
The village got involved because of me,
I should bear this loss!
Yoki,
you make this old face of mine
have no place to hide.
Everyone, in their hearts
feels uneasy too.
It's okay, village chief!
How about this?
I'll kneel to you, okay?
No, no, no!
Will you sign or not, village chief?
Village chief, will you
sign or not? Get up.
Okay, okay, fine.
I'll sign!
My waist, oh!
Hurry up and sign!
This is the IOU we signed with him.
Why don't you take a look?
Really won't look.
I think
you still need to take a look.
If you won't look, then don't.
It's just an IOU.
Then I'll keep it.
Village chief.
You keep it yourself properly.
His matters
have nothing to do with me.
Go, say goodbye to Grandma.
Grandma.
I've troubled you these years.
No need to say more.
These things,
I'll keep them for you.
Goodbye.
Never see you again.
The agent of the newly
crowned film emperor Yoki.
Breaking news:
Well-known actor Yoki
upgraded once again.
Yoki has long been taking
psychiatric medication,
which constituting a
major breach of contract.
Well-known actor Yoki
auctioned his luxury residence.
Fang Xiaotian supports
multiple left-behind children
and taking care of
a seventy-year-old solitary
elderly person long-term.
The final copyright fee soared to
72 million yuan,
setting a new record for
non-fiction female narratives.
Stock price of Haotian
Entertainment Company
surged with heavy volume today.
Can you talk about your
upcoming work arrangements
after signing with Haotian Entertainment？
Mr. Liang used to be
Yoki's agent,
are you really not bothered?
I'm a simple person.
Since I've chosen,
I'll trust unconditionally.
Everything follows the
company's arrangements.
So now,
have you moved past
the shadow of that incident?
People
all have feelings,
and need time.
I'll resume work as soon as possible.
May I ask your view on Yoki's
current condition?
Sorry,
that question is not okay,
change to another,
okay?
I hope no more girls
have the same experience as me.
We have other matters later.
Sorry.
Then can you talk about
something that we like?
Absolutely not relying on men,
And not relying on you either?
You, aren't you a man?
Which eye sees me
not as a man?
Which newspaper are you from?
Believe it or not, I'll sue you!
Oh my god!
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Finally,
I want to confess something
to everyone:
my sexual orientation is...
[I'm attracted to] men.
Very sorry.
I announce,
I will indefinitely withdrawal from
the entertainment industry.
Fang Xiaotian, hailed by
netizens as the "Anti-Scum Warrior"
has had her core victimhood narrative
exposed as fabricated
by tech-savvy netizens.
The uncut 4K hotel corridor footage
was found to contain
post-production synthesized audio.
Yoki's face was digitally swapped
using AI deepfake technology.
Fang's domestic violence medical diagnosis
has also been proven fake.
Internal hospital records leaked
revealing the real registration slip.
That day, she only visited
the Plastic Surgery department
for a consultation on
mandibular angle reduction,
with no registration record
at the ENT department whatsoever.
The hospital's PR department
has launched an investigation.
If the official seal is proven forged,
the case will be handed
over to judicial authorities.
Fabricated!
All of it is fabricated!
At the cost of his own withdrawal
to expose your previous recording with him.
Is that also fabricated?
Of course it's fabricated!
All of this is fabricated!
You and Fang Xiaotian
really settled privately?
Is this really you
who orchestrated it?
Let me tell you,
all of this is
AI synthesized.
Pure nonsense.
Please answer directly!
Miss Fang!
Miss Fang, Miss Fang!
Is it really all fabricated?
Is it really like that?
Can you respond us?
Did you really reach
a private agreement?
Miss Fang.
Miss Fang, answer the question.
Miss Fang, Miss Fang!
Please stay a moment!
(One Year Later)
If everyone
wants to buy souvenirs,
you can go to the
Fishermen's market on the right.
It's much cheaper than
the mobile vendors here.
Here
is our village's
major characteristic landscape.
Every year starting in May, the aunties
gather here
to pry abalones together.
Sometimes,
they even hold competitions.
It lasts until June.
It's basically our village's
major specialty.
Using abalone to make seafood
congee makes it especially fresh.
By the way,
if everyone needs to eat,
you can dine at the restaurant here.
At 2 PM,
we'll gather back here then.
Good, good.
Let's eat.
Brother Xu Che.
Handsome or not?
Handsome!
Chasing after him every day,
aren't you tired?
Compared to your past?
So annoying!
Say hello to him for me.
Miss me?
Speak up, did you miss me?
I missed you when I didn't see you.
Now,
I miss you even more.
You're so annoying!
Li Mei said the same.
By the way,
this time I also brought someone,
let him rest first.
My sister...
Help!
Help, help!
Hold me up！